---
title: Insert title here
key: 686b0aa55ddd031575072df50ec73826

---
## The Anatomy of a Unit Test

```yaml
type: "TitleSlide"
key: "0a582d6095"
```

`@lower_third`

name: Kirill Smirnov
title: Instructor at DataCamp


`@script`
Welcome to the second Chapter of the course. Previously, we learned what is testing and why it is important to keep our code clean. We also mentioned that it would be great to have a testing framework that could help us handle tests in an easy way. Fortunately, there is already one built-in in the Python standard library.


---
## unittest

```yaml
type: "FullSlide"
key: "f0c7c75416"
```

`@part1`
testComponent1.py  
testComponent2.py  
testComponent3.py  
...{{1}}


`@script`
It is represented by the module unittest. Writing and inspecting tests, using this module, is a very straightforward task. First of all, it is a good practice to organize your tests in separate modules depending on the component being tested. By convention, they should start with the test prefix.


---
## unittest

```yaml
type: "FullSlide"
key: "f6fa58ee43"
disable_transition: true
```

`@part1`
**test**Component1.py  
**test**Component2.py  
**test**Component3.py  
...

```
import unittest
```{{1}}
```

class TestComponent(unittest.TestCase):
```{{2}}
```
    def test_method1(self):
```{{3}}
```
        self.assertTrue(True)
```{{4}}
```

    def test_method2(self):

        self.assertFalse(False)
```{{5}}


`@script`
Each of these test modules contains the following common structure. First, we have to import the unittest module. Next, we need to create a class extending the TestCase class from unittest module. We are ready to write a test. To do so, we need to create a method within the newly created class. It is important to point out that methods have to start with the test_ prefix, otherwise they won't be recognized by the framework. A test has to contain one or more assert methods from the TestCase class. For example, here we check if an argument under the assertTrue method is True. We can create as much test methods within the class as we want. A similar test for the false argument would look like this.


---
## running tests

```yaml
type: "FullSlide"
key: "8a5aeddd70"
```

`@part1`



`@script`



---
## Final Slide

```yaml
type: "FinalSlide"
key: "843cf2a1ec"
```

`@script`


